# Order

## Properties

Name | Type | Description | Notes
------------ | ------------- | ------------- | -------------
**id** | **String** | ID of the order. UUID Version 4. | 
**number** | **i32** | A vanity id used for internal tracking of orders for a given vendor. | 
**title** | **String** | The title of the order, generated by combining the order's number property with the prefix \"Order #\". | 
**fulfillment_status** | **String** | The fulfillment status of the order. | 
**payment_status** | **String** | The payment status of the order. | 
**currency** | Option<**String**> | The three-letter ISO 4217 currency code for the currency in which this order was or will be transacted. Must be a supported currency of Aryeo. | [optional]
**total_amount** | Option<**i32**> | A positive integer in the smallest currency unit (that is, 100 cents for $1.00) representing the total order amount that was or will be charged. This accounts for order items and taxes.  | [optional]
**payment_url** | Option<**String**> | A URL of a publicly-accessible webpage to pay for the order. | [optional]
**status_url** | Option<**String**> | A URL of a publicly-accessible webpage to see the order's status. | 
**downloads_allowed** | Option<**bool**> | Indicates if the current user is allowed to download content from the attached listing. | [optional]
**payments_allowed** | Option<**bool**> | Indicates if the current user is allowed to make a payment for the order. | [optional]
**address** | Option<[**crate::models::Address**](Address.md)> |  | [optional]
**customer** | Option<[**crate::models::Group**](Group.md)> |  | [optional]
**listing** | Option<[**crate::models::Listing**](Listing.md)> |  | [optional]
**items** | Option<[**Vec<crate::models::OrderItem>**](OrderItem.md)> | items | [optional]
**appointments** | Option<[**Vec<crate::models::Appointment>**](Appointment.md)> |  | [optional]
**unconfirmed_appointments** | Option<[**Vec<crate::models::UnconfirmedAppointment>**](UnconfirmedAppointment.md)> |  | [optional]

[[Back to Model list]](../README.md#documentation-for-models) [[Back to API list]](../README.md#documentation-for-api-endpoints) [[Back to README]](../README.md)


